[TASK] Deprecate TCA subtypes (#1182)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TCA: Documentation/ColumnsConfig/Type/Flex/Examples.rst

It's clear that the contents of :xml:`<input_1>` is a direct reflection of
the field configurations we normally set up in the :php:`$GLOBALS['TCA']` array.

..  _columns-flex-example-plugin:

FlexForm in a plugin
====================

The data structure for a FlexForm can also be loaded in the :sql:`pi_flexform`
field of the :sql:`tt_content` table by adding the following in the

> TCA Overrides of an extension, see this example from the EXT:blog_example:

Reviewer: I remember that we have a directive to link to extensions. Can we use it here?

Author: done

> ..  literalinclude:: _CodeSnippets/_tt_content_plugin.php

Reviewer: Please activate linenumbers. IMO: lineos
Else it's hard to work with 18ff and 25ff below

> ..  literalinclude:: _CodeSnippets/_tt_content_plugin.php

Author: ```suggestion
..  literalinclude:: _CodeSnippets/_tt_content_plugin.php
    :linenos:
```

It's clear that the contents of :xml:`<input_1>` is a direct reflection of
the field configurations we normally set up in the :php:`$GLOBALS['TCA']` array.

..  _columns-flex-example-plugin:

FlexForm in a plugin
====================

The data structure for a FlexForm can also be loaded in the :sql:`pi_flexform`
field of the :sql:`tt_content` table by adding the following in the

> TCA Overrides of an extension, see this example from the EXT:blog_example:

Author: ```suggestion
TCA Overrides of an extension, see this example from the extension :composer:`t3docs/blog-example`:
```
